Questions to Send Your Job Recruiter or Interviewer

Short Version:
What are the values and creed of the company?
Are there any company parties, special events, etc?  
Are you paid twice per month or another frequency?
What are the health insurance and/or other benefits? For example, how much vacation, training, etc?
What options do you have for working remote?
What can you share with me about the management style?
If I asked your team, what would they say the best part about working for you is? What about the worst part?
What are the first three things you want me to tackle once I start?
What is one thing you wish you would have known prior to working here?
May I have a copy of the employee handbook?

Long Version:
What are the values and creed of the company?
What is the company culture like? 
Do you need to ask permission to use the bathroom? 
Is there a Human Resources department? 
Are people assigned to work in cubicles?
Do they give you a laptop? Can you use your own hardware instead? 
Are there any company parties, special events, etc?   
Are you paid twice per month or another frequency? 
What are the health insurance basics?
What are the other benefits? For example, how much vacation, education, or training budget, etc? 
What options do you have for working from home?
Will there be weekend and on-call duty?  
What are the standard working hours and/or are they flexible?
Is there expected overtime?
How old is the company?
How many employees globally and locally? 
Do you have a headphones/music policy?
Do you have salaried full-time and part-time employees?
Do projects have billable hours charged to clients?
Is there a 401K?
What about the co-pays for the health insurance?
Are there any in-house trainings, Lunch & Learns, or other means of continuing education?
What are the opportunities for advancement like?
What can you share with me about the management style? 
If I asked your team, what would they say the best part about working for you is? What about the worst part?
Talk to me about the 30-60-90 day plan for onboarding and getting up to speed with this role – what does that look like?
What are the first 3 things you want me to tackle once I start?
Share with me the team structure, how big, how many developers, and who handles what kind of workload?
What is one thing you wish you would have known prior to working here?
May I have a copy of the employee handbook?
